Colormap Renderer (#730)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-samples-ios: arcgis-ios-sdk-samples/Layers/Colormap renderer/README.md

# Colormap Renderer

Apply a colormap renderer to a raster.

![Colormap renderer](colormap-renderer.png)

## Use Case

A colormap renderer transforms pixel values in a raster to display raster data based on specific colors, aiding in visual analysis of the data. For example, a forestry commission may want to quickly visualize areas above and below the tree-line occurring at a known elevation on a raster containing elevation values. They could overlay a transparent colormap set to color those areas below the tree-line elevation green, and those above white.

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom to explore the effect of the colormap applied to the raster.

## How it works

1. Create a raster from a raster file.
2. Create a raster layer from the raster.
3. Create an array of 250 colors to represent the possible values from the raster. Colors at the beginning of the list replace the darkest values in the raster and colors at the end of the list replaced the brightest values of the raster.

> 4. Create a ColormapRenderer with the color array and apply it to the raster layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create a color map renderer with the color array and apply it to the raster layer.
```

# Colormap Renderer

Apply a colormap renderer to a raster.

![Colormap renderer](colormap-renderer.png)

## Use Case

> A colormap renderer transforms pixel values in a raster to display raster data based on specific colors, aiding in visual analysis of the data. For example, a forestry commission may want to quickly visualize areas above and below the tree-line line occurring at a know elevation on a raster containing elevation values. They could overlay a transparent colormap set to color those areas below the tree-line elevation green, and those above white.

Author: This is how it was described in the sample design. Should I remove one "line"?

> A colormap renderer transforms pixel values in a raster to display raster data based on specific colors, aiding in visual analysis of the data. For example, a forestry commission may want to quickly visualize areas above and below the tree-line line occurring at a know elevation on a raster containing elevation values. They could overlay a transparent colormap set to color those areas below the tree-line elevation green, and those above white.

Reviewer: If it is a typo (it looks like one to me), create a PR to get the readme template updated. I would go ahead and update this PR as well. If you're not sure, ask in the issue or in Slack.

# Colormap Renderer

Apply a colormap renderer to a raster.

![Colormap renderer](colormap-renderer.png)

## Use Case

> A colormap renderer transforms pixel values in a raster to display raster data based on specific colors, aiding in visual analysis of the data. For example, a forestry commission may want to quickly visualize areas above and below the tree-line occurring at a know elevation on a raster containing elevation values. They could overlay a transparent colormap set to color those areas below the tree-line elevation green, and those above white.

Reviewer 2: "at a know elevation" -> "at a known elevation"?

## How to use the sample

Pan and zoom to explore the effect of the colormap applied to the raster.

## How it works

1. Create a raster from a raster file.
2. Create a raster layer from the raster.
3. Create an array of 250 colors to represent the possible values from the raster. Colors at the beginning of the list replace the darkest values in the raster and colors at the end of the list replaced the brightest values of the raster.
4. Create a ColormapRenderer with the color array and apply it to the raster layer.

## Relevant API

* AGSColormapRenderer
* AGSRaster
* AGSRasterLayer

## About the data

The raster used in this sample shows an area in the south of the Shasta-Trinity National Forest, California.

## Offline data

> This sample uses the [ShastaBW](https://www.arcgis.com/home/item.html?id=cc68728b5904403ba637e1f1cd2995ae) raster file. It is downloaded from ArcGIS Online automatically.

Reviewer: > It is downloaded from ArcGIS Online automatically.

That is not correct; this data is included in the repository. At the very least I would remove this sentence. Other samples whose data is included in the repo don't even include this section, so you might consider removing the section altogether.
